Silicon Valley Bank Q4 2022 Earnings Call
Ticker: SIVB
Date: January 19, 2023

OPERATOR: Good morning and welcome to Silicon Valley Bank's fourth quarter 2022 earnings call. Everything is fine.

CEO GREG BECKER: Thanks. Everything is fine. I want to open by saying that everything is completely fine and there is absolutely no reason for any of our depositors to be concerned about anything at all.

Revenue came in at $1.7 billion for the quarter. Our bond portfolio is totally normal and the fact that interest rates went up 400 basis points is something we have fully under control and are not losing sleep over.

CFO DANIEL BECK: Thanks Greg. Yes so, gross margin was 61%. Our held-to-maturity securities portfolio sits at $91 billion which is fine. The unrealized losses of $15 billion on that portfolio are, and I want to stress this, unrealized. Technically not real losses. More like theoretical losses. Numbers on a page really.

EPS came in at $4.11 for the quarter. Cash and liquidity positions are strong and we have more than enough capital to meet any normal level of deposit outflows. Normal ones. Not like a bank run or anything. That is not happening.

CEO GREG BECKER: Looking ahead to 2023 we are very optimistic. We are definitely not planning to sell $21 billion of securities at a $1.8 billion loss next month. That would be crazy. We are also definitely not about to try to raise $2.25 billion in emergency capital in a way that accidentally signals to everyone that we are in trouble.

Our relationships with the venture capital community remain extremely strong and we are confident that none of them would ever send a mass message to their portfolio companies telling them to pull their deposits. That would be a wild thing to happen.

CFO DANIEL BECK: Full year guidance remains strong. We see no material risks on the horizon.

Q&A SESSION:

ANALYST: Can you talk about your exposure to rising interest rates?

CEO GREG BECKER: Great question. Next question.

ANALYST: What is your contingency plan if deposit outflows accelerate?

CFO DANIEL BECK: We have a very robust and comprehensive plan that we are very confident in and would prefer not to discuss in detail on this call.

ANALYST: Should depositors be worried?

CEO GREG BECKER: Absolutely not. Please do not withdraw your money. I mean, you can if you want, that is totally your right as a depositor, but there is no reason to. None at all. We are fine. Everything is fine.

OPERATOR: That concludes today's call. SVB would like to remind you that your deposits are totally safe. Thank you for participating and have a great 2023.